We've now got our heads complete it looks fantastic and we can definitely use it again on future projects
wherever we need a.
And as a matter of fact I'll tell you right now that that's exactly what we're going to do.
We're going to take a lot of components out of this application and use them on future components in
the future.
So we're now ready to move on to the main body of our application.
The big list of albums that users will scroll through.
Remember the whole point of our app we want to have a list of albums to show to the user in this markup
right here I'm just showing the single album.
But really there should be multiple albums that users should be able to scroll through.
This means that we have two big challenges now lined up for us.
Number one we need to figure out how to get a list of albums to show to the user.
So literally a list of images with album images album name artist title.
All that coming.
Good stuff.
We need a list of them to show to the user does challenge number one.
Number two is once we figure out how we will get access to that list of data we need to figure out how
we're going to kind of architect architect architect.
There you go.
Scuse me how are we going to architect our components to show a list of content to the users.
So essentially we need to know how to build a list of content.
That's the big challenge here.
That's what we have to figure out how to do.
So let's do this one step at a time.
We're going to start off with talking about how we're going to get a list of albums to show to the user.
Now we certainly could hardcoded a list of albums in our code base here.
You know we can say here's a list of albums Here's where the images are all that kind of good stuff.
But you know what that is not the best flow for our application.
And here's the reason for that when we go and deploy the application to the App Store be it the Apple
App Store or the Google Play store.
It takes a while to deploy our application like as to go through a deploy process of several days.
So if it turns out that one day we decide we want to update our list of albums on the fly.
Well we're out of luck.
We have to make an update to our app for him at polish the app store that can take several days.
So instead I'm going to suggest that we make a our excuse me that we retrieve a list of elements to
show to the user from some online endpoint from some API.
I've already taken the liberty of setting up an API that will display a list of albums for us.
Let's go check it out in my browser.
I'm going to navigate to rally coding dot Heroku app dot com slash API slash music.
Alban's one quick thing here.
Make sure you're going to Heroku app dot com and not just Heroku.
So let's check this up.
OK.
So here's our list of albums when we make a good requestors end point we get back a array of objects
where each object represents one album that will show to the user.
So in total we have 5 albums to show to our user with data from the center point.
Note that if your song as it appears on the screen doesn't look as nice as this you know if it's just
a big blob of text that's totally fine.
I just plug in that format stays on nicely for me.
So this is the data that we will want to somehow fetch to our application and show it to our user once
we've loaded it.
So we need to figure out how to make an Ajax request or an TTP request from our mobile application to
fetch this list of data and then more critically once we have the list of data where all these different
albums we need to figure out a way to build a list out of all these different albums all these different
objects right here.
So that's our goal.
First step to once we fetch this data we need to build the list of albums.
Let's do a quick discussion about how we might design some components to do this.
I'm going to suggest that we make two separate components to show this list of albums to our user.
First we'll make a single component called an album list.
The purpose of album list will be to fetch the list of data or fetch the list of albums and then once
it has been fetched it will render several album detailer components.
So we'll have an album list and album detail.
The purpose of album detail right here is just to show a single card to our user.
You know the thing that has the album name the image and the buy now button at the bottom.
So album details about just showing a single album whereas album list is about fetching that list of
data and then rendering multiple album details.
OK.
So that's our plan.
Let's take a quick break and then continue in the next section and start setting up the scaffold for
this album list in album detail and also figure out exactly how we're going to fetch that list of albums
via HTP request.